#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
#labels Phase-Support

= Introduction =

How to add SVN support in Eclipse *_Ganymede_* - For those who want to use SVN under Eclipse

= Details =
== Step 1 ==
1.1 Add source http://download.eclipse.org/technology/subversive/0.7/update-site/ to your available software list in Eclipse (Help->Software Updates...->Available Software->Add Site...)
<br/>1.2 Expand the site and Eclipse will load/update the content automatically. Select _Subversive SVN Team Provider Plugin (Incubation)_ under _Subversive Site_
<br/>1.3 Click *Install...* and finish the installation progress. You will be demanded to restart the Eclipse when the installation is finished, follow the instruction.
== Step 2 ==
2.1 Just like 1.1 in Step 1 Add source http://community.polarion.com/projects/subversive/download/eclipse/2.0/update-site/ to your available software list
<br/>2.2 Expand the site and Eclipse will load/update the content automatically. Select _SVNKit 1.3.5 Implementation (Optional)_ under _Update Site_
<br/>2.3 Click *Install...* and finish the installation progress. You will be demanded to restart the Eclipse when the installation is finished, follow the instruction.
== Step 3 ==
3.1 Now you are ready to use SVN under Eclipse. Create a new SVN project : File->New->Project...->SVN->Project from SVN...
3.2 Click next, in the configuration panel fill the URL with 
Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages